Docs maxSpans (#444)
getsentry/develop: src/docs/sdk/performance/index.mdx

See more about how sampling should be performed below.

### `maxSpans`

> Transactions should have a max number of spans. If new spans are added once the max is reached, the SDK should drop them and ideally use the internal logging to help debugging, `maxSpans` defaults to 1000.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because transaction payloads have a maximum size enforced on the ingestion side, SDKs should limit the number of spans that are attached to a transaction. This is similar to how breadcrumbs and other arbitrarily sized lists are limited to prevent accidental misuse. If new spans are added once the maximum is reached, the SDK should drop the spans and ideally use the internal logging to help debugging.

The `maxSpans` should be implemented as an internal, non-configurable, constant that defaults to 1000. It may become configurable if there is justification for that in a given platform.
```

> This is to help avoid a transaction that never finishes, ending up on a OOM or just sluggish performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `maxSpans` limit may also help avoiding transactions that never finish (in platforms that keep a transaction open for as long as spans are open), preventing OOM errors, and generally avoiding degraded application performance.
```

  - When a `Span` is created, set the `startTimestamp` to the current time
  - `SpanContext` is the attribute collection for a `Span` (Can be an implementation detail). When possible `SpanContext` should be immutable.
  - `Span` should have a method `startChild` which creates a new span with the current span's id as the new span's `parentSpanId` and the current span's `sampled` value copied over to the new span's `sampled` property

>   - The `startChild` method should respect the `maxSpans` configuration, when the max. is reached the SDK should drop them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The `startChild` method should respect the `maxSpans` limit, and once the limit is reached the SDK should not create new child spans for the given transaction.
```
